Mommy welcome home
Mommy
Three treasures and four treasures
What the hell did you do today?
Do you know that your sister is not in good health?
You took her out without authorization
What if she falls ill?
Mom, don't be angry with the third brother
We don't go out to play
We are going to work.
Work Well, the fourth sister agreed not to tell Mommy
Why did you say it all?
I'm afraid mommy is worried
Hmm you
Why does Mommy usually work too hard?
We also want to help Mommy share
Mommy, don't be angry, okay?
Mommy is not angry
Mommy is moved
But I hope
Don't go out to work again
Since Mommy gave birth to you
I will be able to support you
Mommy wants you to grow up happily
Mommy, don't worry.
When we grow up
We won't make you work so hard.
Mommy thank you
Chatting at the door
You're not helping me with my stuff.
Mom, you are back.
Dabao Erbao
You first take the three treasures and four treasures back to the room to play
Mom, I have something to discuss with you.
Don't call me mom, see what you're doing
First place to have a baby
Mom, I know it's hard for you to help me with the kids
My monthly salary
How much is your salary?
I see you.
Quit that job now
No, mom, you know that
Wu Bao was abducted by human traffickers
Her whereabouts are still unknown
I'm a journalist so I can publish the news
Find Wu Bao as soon as possible
Looking for it
Four children is not enough
I can't watch the Five Treasures wander outside
I had a hard life giving birth to your daughter.
Unlike other summer lilies
Find a rich person to eat spicy food every day
You said your last name is Xia
Why are you so disappointing?
I know Xia Lily is lucky
But I also have those lovely children
Come on, you know what?
I saw Sharper on my way home just now
How beautiful it is when he comes back
Then again
You and Chabajo are good sisters
Or you go and beg him
Let him find you a good job too
Mom, I don't make any cloth
Come with me, mom